cutting down (#98)
jaybee84/ml-in-rd: content/04.model-complexity.md

In this study, bootstrapping the training sample without replacement simulated generation of separate datasets that helped expose the learning models (random forests) to the incomplete nature of the data.
Such bootstrapping of the training data in addition to that included in the model (bagging) helped generate a distribution (and confidence intervals) of the importance scores of the predictive features selected by the model.

#### Regularization

Another common strategy for handling the paucity of data in rare disease is to aggregate data from multiple studies or time points to produce a more comprehensive dataset. 
Given a dataset with strong preexisting study-specific technical differences between groups of samples, ML methods may model dataset-specific features instead of true biology, leading to high prediction accuracy for training data but poor performance in new test data (an "overfit" model) [@doi:10.1073/pnas.1900654116].
Minimization of overfitting can be accomplished by cross-validation (to reduce variance in predictions) and regularization (to reduce low bias in models). 

> Regularization makes models less reliant on training data by adding a small penalty (determined by cross-validation), and can minimize overfitting while improving performance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regularization makes models less reliant on training data by adding a small penalty (determined by cross-validation), and can minimize overfitting while improving feature selection. 
```
